That'll let us get items, and
we'll look at that in a minute.
But what we're gonna do now
is we're going to save items.
So we're gonna create another
helper called saveItem,
and that is going to also be a NewItem.
And this one is also gonna
access the notionApi.
So we await notionApi.
And this time, we're posting to pages.
So we wanna set the parent.
That parent is going to be the database_id
because we want this to show up in our
database.
So process.env.NOTION_DATABASE_ID.
And then what we're gonna
pass in is properties.
Properties, Will have the opinion.
That opinion is going to include a title.
That title is an array that has
an object in it, that has text.
And then it has another object that is
content, and that's the item.opinion.
Then we need, The spiceLevel.
Like I said, these objects get
a little big, but that's okay.
Let me do a select, and then we're gonna
set the name, and that is item.spiceLevel.
And finally, we want the submitter.
And that submitter is gonna be rich_text.
And that is very similar
to the way the title works.
You pass in an array, and then you
pass in objects that have content.
And this one,
we're gonna do a little bit of formatting.
So we're gonna do an @ and
item.submitter, On Slack just to kinda
link back to who sent this in so that
the people triaging can go and set it up.
And with that set, we're gonna say,
if anything didn't work with that call,
then we're going to console.log it.
But otherwise, there's not really anything
for us to do, we just wanna save that.
To actually use this,
we can head into our top level function,
and we're going to edit
the foodfight-modal.
And we've already got our details here,
and
these match that NewItem
type that we created.
So all we have to do to make this work
is await savItem and pass in our fields.
In here,
see how I wrapped this inside of opinion
instead of making it its own thing.
So let me go back up here and
just fix that typo.
So now we have top-level properties.
We've got properties,
opinion, spiceLevel, and
submitter instead of nesting them
in that weird way that I did.
So we can save that.
And we'll come back out here and
try this one more time.
And we'll say,
Pop Rocks make any dessert better.
Okay, medium.
There we go, and
it showed up somewhere here.
Here it is.
So now we've got a communication
directly from Slack into Notion, because
whenever we run this command, we're able
to gather the details out of the modal.
Package them up in a way
that Notion understands, and
then send it through to Notion so
that the team can come and look and
see that there are things
that need discussion, right?
This is great,
this is exactly what we want.
And if we need more details,
we can also see that my user is the user
that submitted this particular opinion.
So if there's any
follow-up that's necessary,
like if somebody wants to clarify what
flavor of Pop Rocks, they know to find me,
and it's not just kind of a mystery
as to where this came from.